gh-129345: null check for indent syslogmodule (#129348)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Core_and_Builtins/2025-01-28-06-23-59.gh-issue-129345.uOjkML.rst

> In `syslog.openlog` handle null pointer dereference when no `ident`, but have `audit` hook.

Reviewer: Perhaps slightly clearer:
```suggestion
Fix null pointer dereference in :func:`syslog.openlog` when an audit hook raises an exception.
```
